---
title: I'm breaking your fall, you're breaking my ass (week notes 26)
date: 2025-07-29
tags:
  - week-notes
draft: false
aliases:
- /week-notes/026
url: week-notes/26
---
## Doing
I'm teaching (*adjunct lecturing*) a college class in the fall for the first time. I'm starting to put together my syllabus and lesson plans. I have a lot of resources from the previous professor (who is a friend), but I'm also trying to do my own thing. It's a lot of work and I'm very stressed about it.

I know it's only just August, but it somehow feels like the summer is already over. It's the Sunday scaries month of the summer for me, which is ridiculous because who else gets two months off from their job every year? (Aside from, you know, people in civilized countries that get actual vacation days.)
## Reading
I finished *Mood Machine*. It was fantastic — an illuminating look into the music industry and perhaps one of the great anti-capitalist works of this decade. Pelly offers no easy solutions (a problem this big and complex wouldn't have any) but rather a call to action for a societal and economic shift toward collectivism and independence rather than a corporate machine that devalues artists and alienates individuals. Highly recommend!

I now need to start reading through the books for my syllabus — they're all young adult lit and books I've read before, so they go fast. *Speak* by Laurie Halse Anderson is first up.
## Watching
Joe and I watched through [Austin Walker's Let's Play of *Knights of the Old Republic II* ](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzb96hSa04DPbyVmGawLPUYr9DUG99k8Q)— or at least, what he has out right now, which is through Dxun.

## Playing
I haven't gotten to play *Mistria* at all this week because we've been in and out of town, but it is very much on my mind. I don't use my Switch much, but I would play the hell out of this game in handheld — or perhaps on a Steam Deck...

## Listening
I'm still coming down from the high of the Rainbow Kitten Surprise concert, so I've mostly been listening to them (and shuffles on car rides). Nothing new or notable!