---
title: (week notes 029)
date: 2025-08-19
tags:
  - week-notes
draft: true
---
## Doing
I'm backporting a bunch of content from my old blogs so I can finally stop maintaining WordPress blogs. Here are the posts that I've moved over:
* [Revolutions](https://cassie.ink/revolutions) (2015-03-12)
* [Life is Strange Episode 1: Chrysalis](https://cassie.ink/life-is-strange-episode-1-chrysalis) (2015-02-05)
* [House of Leaves: Appendix II-E, The Three Attic Whalestoe Institute Letters (May 8th, 1987)](https://cassie.ink/house-of-leaves-appendix-ii-e-the-three-attic-whalestoe-institute-letters-may-8th-1987/) (2015-01-01)
* [Canopies and Drapes: Emmy the Great’s Twist on the Classic Breakup Song](https://cassie.ink/canopies-and-drapes/) (2014-11-09)
* [Princess Bubblegum & Marceline: Still Just Almost Girlfriends](https://cassie.ink/princess-bubblegum-marceline-still-just-almost-girlfriends/) (2014-08-14)
Sorry for unintentional pings on RSS aggregators; also, be aware that a lot of these are vey old (like, ten years) and don't necessarily reflect who I am as a person today! I'm trying to be better about preserving and sharing my writing, so I suppose that means I must submit to [the mortifying ordeal of being known](https://archive.nytimes.com/opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/06/15/i-know-what-you-think-of-me/).

## Reading

## Watching

## Playing
I'm still playing *Fields of Mistria*, although I have had a few mid-day game crashes this week. The game is in early access, so I can't complain too much, but it's the first time it's happened to me. It's frustrating to lose progress, but I suppose I should get into the habit of saving a few times throughout the day.[^1]

## Listening
I listened to [*SUCK UP ALL THE OXYGEN* by Hutch Harris](hutchharris.bandcamp.com/album/suck-up-all-the-oxygen) because I saw the cover on Bandcamp and thought it was funny. The album was fine but not for me. There was a time in my life when I probably would have been really into this, but it's not now.

I picked up my *All We Know is Falling* listen from last week, too.
6. Never Let This Go - a nice build and pleasant to listen to, but it blends in with a lot of the rest of the album (yet fails to stand out).
7. Whoa - I always loved this one; great energy that lets me overlook the silly lyrics.
8. Conspiracy - forgettable
9. Franklin - I was so surprised by how fond of this song I still am. It's sweet; the backing vocals are a bit distracting — I'd rather they were just Hayley, but I understand that they were going for a duet.
10. My Heart - I was listening to a decent rip of this album but this song still somehow sounds like a super compressed 96kbps MP3. The screaming in this song is also so atonal — it feels like a studio note given what was "in" at the time.
11. Oh Star - another forgettable one for me; I don't really like slow songs in general I think and especially not when Paramore does them.

I went back to *fishmonger* by underscores. I really love this album (still). I love just about every song on it, but "Del mar county fair (2008)" is hitting for me in particular lately.

[^1]: *Mistria* gives you this option; *Stardew* does not... but I've never had a mid-day crash in *Stardew.*
