---
title: I'm annoying but I plan to change that (WN30)
date: 2025-08-25
tags:
  - week-notes
draft: false
cover: https://cdn.cassie.ink/images/2025/wn/30.jpg
url: week-notes/30
---
First up, a small update to my week notes format: I'm going to try to include a cover image with each post as a further homage to *Never Hungover Again* (from which I shamelessly stole the design of my site). I'd like to make it a random picture from the week. I'm hoping this will encourage me to take more pictures, perhaps even using the fancy camera that I paid several hundred dollars for and never touch. I took this week's picture in the bathroom of a winery (omitted snapchat caption: "wasn't considering it but thanks for the heads up i guess").
## Doing
I taught my first college class! It went far better than I anticipated; by about half an hour in, I fell into my natural teacher mode and it was smooth sailing from there. I'm excited to work with the kids[^1] and see how I do throughout the semester. I still have deep-seated imposter syndrome about teaching (*adjunct lecturing*) the course on a macro-level, but the day-by-day is at least seeming more feasible.

For context,  the college I'm teaching (*adjunct lecturing*[^2]) at is my alma mater. I transferred there as a junior from community college, and this course is the first one I took there — with a professor who went on to become a mentor and a personal friend. She scared the shit out of me then (she still does) because she is *so good* at what she does, so experienced, and (seemingly) effortlessly incredible as a teacher. The idea that I have to, in some way, fill her shoes — teach her class, in the same room I took it, nine years later — is absolutely terrifying. Who am I to tell these kids how to teach?? I have very lovely friends who have talked me up and assured me that I'll do a great job, but I think I'll never be able to shake the feeling that I'm not doing what she would have (or not doing as good as her). Of course that's ridiculous and I need to be my own person, and it is within this contradiction that I must exist.

I've been to my classroom a few times this week getting some of the bigger projects done. I'll have time to put on finishing touches on the teacher conference days next week, but I'd rather cut open 96 tennis balls at a relaxed pace than rush to do it the day before kids show up. I've also been spending time helping Joe get his together, too.

Site-wise, I'm continuing to backport content from an old blog. This week I've added...
* [An Empty Promise to Blog More](https://cassie.ink/an-empty-promise-to-blog-more/) (06-30-2023)
* [Here's What I was Listening to in 2020](https://cassie.ink/heres-what-i-was-listening-to-in-2020/) (12-30-2020)
* [Women in a Sea of Men: The Representation of Women in The Curse of the Black Pearl](https://cassie.ink/women-in-a-sea-of-men-the-representation-of-women-in-the-curse-of-the-black-pearl/) (09-28-2016)
* [Here's What I Was Listening to in 2015](https://cassie.ink/heres-what-i-was-listening-to-in-2015) (01-07-2016)
* [Star Wars Has a Problem with Women and We’re Going to Fix It Together](http://cassie.ink/star-wars-has-a-problem-with-women-and-were-going-to-fix-it-together/) (12-14-2015)
## Watching
Joe and I are done with *Survivor: Caramoan* and have now moved on to *Blood vs. Water*, a season I am very fond of.
## Playing
I played some more of *Baldur's Gate 3*. I finally decided to install some mods so that I can just finish the game. I'm using [Cheaters Spell Scroll](https://www.nexusmods.com/baldursgate3/mods/12023) to basically pass all of my dice checks and then something to increase my carry capacity. Nothing game-breaking necessarily since I was already save-scumming every roll — instead, hopefully, I'm just saving myself *time*. It took a while to figure out how to make the mods work,[^6] mostly because the developer of the (good, but esoteric and inscrutable) mod manager has no publicly accessible documentation or help; it's all in a fucking Discord server.[^7] 

Anyway, I'm focusing not so much on exploring Baldur's Gate the city naturally and rather just mainlining toward my quest markers on the map. I believe I've wrapped up Gale's quest as far as I can until much later in the game — why I chose to start with his, I'm not sure. Proximity, I guess. I did however encounter a friend of Karlach's (with Karlach in the party), who asked if Karlach and I were an item. Karlach responded with [something along the lines of "gross."](https://youtu.be/vsPvlDl5ksg?si=9sZA_GX3z5ykGiXg&t=16) Salt in the wound etc. I finished the Auntie Ethel plotline and picked up Minsc; I'm starting to feel better about the game — things are much smoother when I'm passing most every dice roll. Importantly, this is only on my character, so while she has a bit of an advantage on attacks in battle (nothing crazy though because she's mainly a healer), there's still a challenge. I wouldn't say I'm back to my Act I adulation, but I'm at least feeling more motivated to finish.

## Listening
I did a *lot* of podcast listening this week! Cleaning and organizing my classroom has been a good opportunity for it because it's mostly mindless labor. I've been digging through Into the Aether's *Kingdom Hearts* episodes ([Kingdom Hearts: Birth by Sleep | Bonus](https://pca.st/ryz2z5wd) and [I Norted Myself](https://pca.st/m4xgagit)) plus the [Song Exploder episode on "Miasma Sky."](https://pca.st/Kj2p)

I've been listening to a lot of [*Pure Particles* by The Bug Club](https://thebugclub.bandcamp.com/album/pure-particles). It has some of my favorite songs of theirs ("If My Mother Thinks I'm Happy," "Pure Particles," and "A Love Song," primarily). I haven't been quite as enthused with their more recent releases — *Very Human Features* was good, and I didn't really care about *On the Intricate Inner Workings of the System*[^3] — but *Pure Particles* through *Rare Birds* is such an incredible run of quality.

As part of my mission to upgrade the low quality MP3s I have on my music server, I ordered and ripped a few CDs this week: Johnny Flynn's *A Larum*, Mirah's *C'mon Miracle*, and Freelance Whales's *Weathervanes*. I was really only looking for *A Larum* specifically, but the seller on discogs had a shipping minimum. The others were on my list and the seller happened to have them available. It's a little funny — I was listening to these albums all at a specific point in my life (specifically *C'mon Miracle* and *Weathervanes* when I was horrifically depressed in my late teens; Johnny Flynn was a bit earlier). 

That nostalgia (if you can call it that — is there a nostalgia that's for *bad* memories?[^4]) brought me back to [*Pullhair Rubeye* by Avey Tare & Kría Brekkan](https://aveytare.bandcamp.com/album/pullhair-rubeye), an odd album that was released in reverse. The reversed version (so the normal one) of "Lay Lay Off, Faselam" is an all-timer for me; I was listening to it a lot in 2012. Releasing the album in reverse was, apparently, a controversial move, but I like it both ways — and I finally took the time to actually reverse it myself.[^5]

Then I listened to [*Don't Let Them Begin* by Trust Fund](https://trustfund.bandcamp.com/album/dont-let-them-begin-ep) because I had "We'll Both Apologize" stuck in my head (🎶 *I'm alone in the house and I'm freaking myself out again, I'm clapping my hands and spinning my arms around* 🎶). It's good.

[^1]: I've found myself referring to the students as "kids." They're juniors and seniors in college, so probably at most around ten years younger than me. I'm not sure if this is a speech pattern picked up from teaching middle schoolers, who I can safely call kids, or if I'm an old lady now. More on that later.

[^2]: This gag entertains me and I will continue it all semester.

[^3]: The exception is "Have U Ever Been 2 Wales," which is an all-timer. I wish they had gone more in that direction for their album releases.

[^4]: I believe this is called *trauma*.

[^5]: I'd previously been listening to a shitty 192kbps MP3 someone else did.

[^6]: for anyone reading this and encountering issues with the BG3 Mod Manager not showing a campaign, make sure you download BG3MM [straight from the creator's Github repo](https://github.com/LaughingLeader/BG3ModManager)

[^7]: I like Discord well enough and use it a lot, but I don't want to join your shitty Discord server just to search for other people with the same problem as me.
