---
title: no more conversations about what breakfast club character you'd be (WN 36)
date: 2025-11-09
tags:
  - week-notes
  - meta
draft: false
url: week-notes/36
cover: https://cdn.cassie.ink/images/2025/wn/36.jpg
---
## Doing
I'm sick *again* (still?). As I wrote last week, I've had a lingering cough for going on two weeks. I visited urgent care and received a non-specific diagnosis, but they gave me an inhaler and said to come back if I wasn't better in a week or two. On Wednesday or Thursday, I came down with a regular cold. It's manageable, and I'm hoping it knocks whatever the cough was out of my system, but it feels like I can't catch a break. Joe has been sick too, so we've been barely making it by; the house is messy and there are a lot of  projects that I'd like to get to, but neither of us have felt up it.

I've also been drowning in work. Last weekend and early this week, I finally caught up on grading for my middle schoolers and filed report cards. I'm at last in a good place there, but I have a *ton* of grading to catch up on for my college course now. That grading luckily goes pretty quick — I only have eleven students in the class — but it's been weighing on the back of my mind anytime I have a free moment. We are winding down with the class now — we only have I think four more sessions — and I'm thinking a lot about whether I would teach it again. It's only offered in the fall, so I have time to think about it, but it's hard to say what my life is going to look like a year from now. I have enjoyed teaching the class and working with older students, but it's also an added workload that I just don't need. The extra money is nice, but I'm not sure it's worth the time and energy I'm putting in.

My birthday is coming up next week and Joe asked if there was anything I'd like to do. I had a big party last year to celebrate turning 30 and had a really nice time[^2], but 31 doesn't feel like such a big deal.

On a meta-level, I had some weirdness with this site deploying; right now, everything is on [32bitcafe's Gitea instance](https://git.32bit.cafe/cassie/cassiedotink), which then mirrors to a Github repo. That Github repo is attached to Cloudflare Pages, which builds, deploys, and serves the website for me. Some media (images, mostly) is hosted on a bunny.net storage zone. It ended up being a minor problem with 32bitcafe, which they resolved quickly after I pointed it out. Broadly, though, I'd like to cut out my dependency on Github and maybe even Cloudflare. [Naty has success pushing from a repo to bunny](https://burgeonlab.com/blog/hosting-static-sites-with-github-pages-or-bunny-net/), but I just haven't had the time to sit down and hash it out. Maybe other my winter break in a few weeks. I do think I need to stop trying to use Obsidian Sync *and* the obsidian-git plugin at the same time and focus just on the latter. I'm still happy with Sync for other vaults that don't become websites[^3], but I've had a lot of conflicts between the two, especially on mobile.

I also had a dream that I was doing an *Avatar: The Last Airbender* rewatch podcast. I don't know realistically that that's something I'd actually want to do, but it probably says something that podcasting is still in my subconscious. I did briefly think that, once my college class ends, I could use that block of time to podcast instead... We'll see.

## Reading
I've read a bit more of *Villette* this week. It's still quite slow-going — I maybe only read fifteen pages — but it's not a thrilling, plot-heavy book, so it almost feels like small weekly check-ins on Lucy Snowe. I'd like to develop the habit of reading a few pages while I eat my breakfast in the morning and then a few more before I go to bed. The former is doable, but with the latter, I usually nod off too quickly for it to really be worthwhile.

## Watching
I finished off *Weeds* and moved on to rewatching *Orange is the New Black*. I really loved the first two seasons of *OitNB* when they first came out (and I think I intend to only rewatch them, as I didn't like the prison riot turn or what happened after that). I'm enjoying it on the rewatch, but I'm not as taken with it as I was back then. I think it felt really revolutionary and fresh at the time, but ten plus years on, it doesn't feel like such a big thing to have queer women and women of color on the screen. I'm happy for that, of course! I'm still early in season one, so I haven't gotten to any of the big storytelling swings and maybe my opinion will change then. I also remember a lot more of the jokes than I expected, so there's a bit less novelty this time around, too.

## Playing
I started *Pokémon Legends ZA* using the virtual game card borrowing from Joe's system. I'm tepid on it; it's definitely miles ahead of *Scarlet* and *Violet*, which I thought had some good ideas but was executed so poorly that it turned me off of Pokémon, I think, in a pretty big way. But I loved *Legends Arceus* so, so much and I'm disappointed that this game isn't hitting the same notes for me. Brendon Bigley wrote a bit about going into *ZA* after loving *Arceus*:

> Having now spent around 15 hours running around Pokémon’s version of Paris, I’m starting to better understand what makes a Legends game in comparison to the mainline entries: It’s not an exploration of the history of the pokémon world, it’s an exploration of a specific time and place in the Pokémon world. A fulcrum point in their society.

I suppose then that maybe the issue isn't the game itself but rather my hopes and expectations for it. But *Arceus* had such a strong, refreshing vibe that *ZA* so far hasn't surfaced for me. There's some vague techno-futurism, but it's otherwise just a (lovingly realized, detailed, well-executed — words I can't use to describe any other recent Pokémon games) city in the Pokémon universe. We'll see if it eventually sinks its claws into me.

## Listening
I listened through to *Infra* by Max Richter for the first time in probably close to ten years. This album was once the background when I'd write (mostly Star Wars fanfiction). I was looking for something low-key to have on while grading, but I found a sense memory in it and added to my vault of unpublishable personal writing.[^1]

Here's my top ten songs from the week (based somewhat on plays, with edits):

1. "Moody Orange" by Rainbow Kitten Surprise
2. "Infra 5" by Max Richter
3. "Cold Love" by Rainbow Kitten Surprise
4. "The Sea is a Good Place to Think of the Future" by Los Campesinos!
5. "Bubble in My Bloodstream" by Martha
6. "Love Machine" by Being Dead
7. "Pure Particles" by The Bug Club
8. "Tenuousness" by Andrew Bird
9. "Breakin' the Law" by The New Pornographers
10. "We Are All Accelerated Readers" by Los Campesinos!

I'm listening to Rainbow Kitten Surprise's new album (*bones*) at the time of writing, but I want to sit with it longer before typing up any thoughts.

[^1]: this is becoming a running joke for me on my shitty little blog. to be clear, I think often about publishing on this blog the more creative (mostly creative non-fiction) writing that I do instead of banal accountings of everything I did and watched and played and listened to each week, but sharing my writing — especially publicly — is perhaps my primary phobia

[^2]: this was the first birthday party I'd ever had

[^3]: I have one for work and one for writing
