---
title: i would have recited shakespeare with you, let you read all the good lines (WN40)
url: week-notes/40
date: 2025-12-05
tags:
  - week-notes
draft: true
cover:
summary:
---
## Doing
This week was absolutely overwhelming. I don't want to get into the details here to protect myself professionally, but I'm no longer switching to teaching high school in the near future. It is still my long-term desire, but circumstances changed around the opening that I was going to fill.  I spent most of the week ping-ponging between emails and phone calls, and I think I averaged something like three hours of sleep each night. I am still sorting through my (mixed) feelings, but mostly, I'm just *tired*.

## Reading
I've made some more progress on *[Villette](/books/villette)* this week. I've started reading during my lunch, which, it turns out, leaves me feeling a lot better than my typical practice of working through my lunch. I'm just shy of 200 pages in, which is about halfway through my copy. The book has started to learn into some of the gothic tropes that are more pronounced in *Jane Eyre* — Lucy suffered from a mysterious fit of nerves, swooned and passed out alone on the streets at night and had to be rescued by the emotionally unavailable male love interest, whose true identity was then revealed. It's a bit of a strange turn considering that the last hundred pages or so have mostly concerned the banalities of Lucy's time teaching at Rue Fossette, and I make Dr. John being Graham Bretton out to be more scandalous than it is. It's bizarre — in so many ways *Villette* has been quite similar to the simplicity of *Agnes Grey* with touches of *Jane Eyre*, especially in Lucy's depressive episodes. I'm curious to read how it continues to unfold, but it's very much torn between those two worlds.

## Watching

## Playing

## Listening
I bought three albums on Bandcamp Friday and listened through to them. The first was *Best Friends Forever* by Best Friends forever, which is a collection of some of their rarities from the early 2000s. I thought "Abe Lincoln" was cute and enjoyed it, but I found the rest either unremarkable or cacophonic ("Mountain Song"). I think it is very cool that Best Friends Forever writes [love songs about the US presidents](https://reallybestfriendsforever.bandcamp.com/track/eisenhower-is-the-father). I also stumbled on this [fun review](https://www.indieshuffle.com/best-friends-forever-romance-conflict-adventure) of *Romance Conflict Adventure* while googling for info on the band:

> There's only three people I've ever wanted to trade bodies with. One is Bruce Willis' French girlfriend from Pulp Fiction, the other two are Jessica Lee Seaman and Briana Jennifer Smith from Best Friends Forever. The first time I heard their music was two years ago when a guy I was crushing on told me he was sure that he could never love anyone else besides them. I totally understood why, then felt like crying.

I also grabbed *Always Happy to Explode* by Sunset Rubdown since I've lately been so into *Apologies to the Queen Mary*. I think I'm just a fan of Spencer Krug's voice, both in performance and his songwriting, and the experimentation with weird synthesizers ("Candles"). *Always Happy to Explode* also has a second vocalist, which I think adds a cool dimension to a lot of their songs. I did have to listen to this album in two sittings, however, because I was nodding off at my computer for the first time around.[^1]

My last Bandcamp Friday purchase was *When Horses Would Run* by Being Dead. I'm already a big fan of their newest album, *EELS*, but I hadn't listened to their other work. I really dig *When Horses*; it's the same cool sound as *EELS* (though *EELS* was more experimentative in genre in places), just more of it. Being Dead is probably going to be one of my top artists for the year.

[^1]: I'm still making an effort to listen through full albums again, especially when the music is new to me.
